fopen(): To open a file.
    Declaration: FILE *fopen (const char *filename, const char *mode)
    Description: fopen() function is used to open a file to perform operations such as reading or
    writing on it. In a C program, we declare a file pointer and use fopen() as shown below.
        FILE* fp;
        fp = fopen(“filename”, “mode”);


fclose(): To close a file.
    Declaration: int fclose(FILE *fp)
    Description: fclose() function closes the file that is being pointed by file pointer fp. We close a
    file as shown below.
        fclose(fp);


fgets(): To read from a file.
    Declaration: char *fgets(char *string, int n, FILE *fp)
    Description: fgets() function is used to read a file line by line as shown below.
        fgets (buffer, size, fp);


fprintf(): To write into a file.
    Declaration: int fprintf(FILE *fp, const char *format, ...)
    Description: fprintf() function writes a string into a file pointed by fp as shown below.
        fprintf (fp, “some_data”);
        //or
        fprintf (fp, “text %d”, variable_name);


fscanf(): To read from a file.
    Declaration: int fscanf(FILE *fp, const char *format, ...)
    Description: fscanf() function reads formatted input from the file as shown below.
        fscanf(fp, "%s %s %s %d", str1, str2, str3, &year);
    
MODE : 
    
r - Searches file. If the file is opened successfully fopen( ) loads it into memory and sets up
a pointer that points to the first character in it. If the file cannot be opened fopen( )
returns NULL.

rb - Open for reading in binary mode. If the file does not exist, fopen( ) returns NULL.

w - Searches file. If the file exists, its contents are overwritten. If the file doesn’t exist, a
new file is created. Returns NULL, if unable to open the file.

wb - Open for writing in binary mode. If the file exists, its contents are overwritten. If the
file does not exist, it will be created.

a - Searches file. If the file is opened successfully fopen( ) loads it into memory and sets up
a pointer that points to the last character in it. If the file doesn’t exist, a new file is
created. Returns NULL, if unable to open the file.

ab - Open for append in binary mode. Data is added to the end of the file. If the file does
not exist, it will be created.

r+ - Searches file. It is opened successfully fopen( ) loads it into memory and sets up a
pointer that points to the first character in it. Returns NULL, if unable to open the file.

rb+ - Open for both reading and writing in binary mode. If the file does not exist, fopen( )
returns NULL.

w+ - Searches file. If the file exists, its contents are overwritten. If the file doesn’t exist a
new file is created. Returns NULL, if unable to open the file.

wb+ - Open for both reading and writing in binary mode. If the file exists, its contents are
overwritten. If the file does not exist, it will be created.

a+ - Searches file. If the file is opened successfully fopen( ) loads it into memory and sets up
a pointer that points to the last character in it. If the file doesn’t exist, a new file is
created. Returns NULL, if unable to open the file.

ab+ - Open for both reading and appending in binary mode. If the file does not exist, it will
be created.